{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red64\green11\blue217;\red47\green180\blue29;\red180\green36\blue25;
\red178\green178\blue178;\red133\green0\blue2;\red200\green20\blue201;\red192\green192\blue192;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 Last login: Fri Jul 29 13:18:19 on ttys000\
localhost:~ ddn$ ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  This script will install:
\f0\b0 \
/usr/local/bin/brew\
/usr/local/Library/...\
/usr/local/share/doc/homebrew\
/usr/local/share/man/man1/brew.1\
/usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions/_brew\
/usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d/brew\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  The following directories will be made group writable:
\f0\b0 \
/usr/local/.\
/usr/local/bin\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  The following directories will have their owner set to \ul ddn
\f0\b0 \ulnone :\
/usr/local/.\
/usr/local/bin\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  The following directories will have their group set to \ul admin
\f0\b0 \ulnone :\
/usr/local/.\
/usr/local/bin\
\
Press RETURN to continue or any other key to abort\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /bin/chmod g+rwx /usr/local/. /usr/local/bin
\f0\b0 \
Password:\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /usr/sbin/chown ddn /usr/local/. /usr/local/bin
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /usr/bin/chgrp admin /usr/local/. /usr/local/bin
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /bin/mkdir -p /Users/ddn/Library/Caches/Homebrew
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /bin/chmod g+rwx /Users/ddn/Library/Caches/Homebrew
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  /usr/bin/sudo /usr/sbin/chown ddn /Users/ddn/Library/Caches/Homebrew
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Downloading and installing Homebrew...
\f0\b0 \
remote: Counting objects: 530, done.\
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (470/470), done.\
remote: Total 530 (delta 32), reused 348 (delta 29), pack-reused 0\
Receiving objects: 100% (530/530), 804.74 KiB | 12.00 KiB/s, done.\
Resolving deltas: 100% (32/32), done.\
From https://github.com/Homebrew/brew\
 * [new branch]      master     -> origin/master\
HEAD is now at 3469f17 audit: don't check formula linkage.\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Tapping homebrew/core
\f0\b0 \
Cloning into '/usr/local/Library/Taps/homebrew/homebrew-core'...\
remote: Counting objects: 3717, done.\
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (3604/3604), done.\
remote: Total 3717 (delta 15), reused 1946 (delta 4), pack-reused 0\
Receiving objects: 100% (3717/3717), 2.88 MiB | 183.00 KiB/s, done.\
Resolving deltas: 100% (15/15), done.\
Checking connectivity... done.\
Tapped 3595 formulae (3,743 files, 9.0M)\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Installation successful!
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Next steps
\f0\b0 \
Run `brew help` to get started\
Further documentation: https://git.io/brew-docs\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Homebrew has enabled anonymous aggregate user behaviour analytics
\f0\b0 \
Read the analytics documentation (and how to opt-out) here:\
  https://git.io/brew-analytics\
localhost:~ ddn$ brew -v\
Homebrew 0.9.9 (git revision 3469; last commit 2016-07-28)\
Homebrew/homebrew-core (git revision 910e; last commit 2016-07-28)\
localhost:~ ddn$ brew install watchman\

\f1\b \cf3 ==>\cf0  Installing dependencies for watchman: \cf3 pcre
\f0\b0 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf3 ==>\cf0  Installing watchman dependency: \cf3 pcre
\f0\b0 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Downloading https://homebrew.bintray.com/bottles/pcre-8.39.el_capitan.bottle
\f0\b0 \
######################################################################## 100.0%\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Pouring pcre-8.39.el_capitan.bottle.tar.gz
\f0\b0 \
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 Error\cf0 \ulnone : The `brew link` step did not complete successfully\
The formula built, but is not symlinked into /usr/local\
Could not symlink lib/libpcre.1.dylib\
/usr/local/lib is not writable.\
\
You can try again using:\
  brew link pcre\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Summary
\f0\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u55356 \u57210 
\f0   /usr/local/Cellar/pcre/8.39: 203 files, 5.4M\

\f1\b \cf3 ==>\cf0  Installing \cf3 watchman
\f0\b0 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Downloading https://homebrew.bintray.com/bottles/watchman-4.6.0.el_capitan.b
\f0\b0 \
######################################################################## 100.0%\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Pouring watchman-4.6.0.el_capitan.bottle.tar.gz
\f0\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u55356 \u57210 
\f0   /usr/local/Cellar/watchman/4.6.0: 21 files, 397.0K\
localhost:~ ddn$ brew install flow\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Downloading https://homebrew.bintray.com/bottles/flow-0.29.0.el_capitan.bott
\f0\b0 \
######################################################################## 100.0%\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Pouring flow-0.29.0.el_capitan.bottle.tar.gz
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Caveats
\f0\b0 \
Bash completion has been installed to:\
  /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d\
\
zsh completion has been installed to:\
  /usr/local/share/zsh/site-functions\

\f1\b \cf2 ==>\cf0  Summary
\f0\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u55356 \u57210 
\f0   /usr/local/Cellar/flow/0.29.0: 7 files, 4.6M\
localhost:~ ddn$ npm install -g react-native-cli\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 tar.unpack\cf0  untar error /Users/ddn/.npm/react-native-cli/1.0.0/package.tgz\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  Darwin 15.4.0\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 argv\cf0  "/usr/local/bin/node" "/usr/local/bin/npm" "install" "-g" "react-native-cli"\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 node\cf0  v4.4.4\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 npm \cf0  v2.15.1\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 path\cf0  /usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 code\cf0  EACCES\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 errno\cf0  -13\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \cf7 syscall\cf0  mkdir\
\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  Error: EACCES: permission denied, mkdir '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli'\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1      at Error (native)\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1   \{ [Error: EACCES: permission denied, mkdir '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli']\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    errno: -13,\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    code: 'EACCES',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    syscall: 'mkdir',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    path: '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    fstream_type: 'Directory',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    fstream_path: '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    fstream_class: 'DirWriter',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1    fstream_stack: \
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1     [ '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/fstream/lib/dir-writer.js:35:25',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1       '/usr/local/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/mkdirp/index.js:47:53',\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1       'FSReqWrap.oncomplete (fs.js:82:15)' ] \}\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  \
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  Please try running this command again as root/Administrator.\
\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1  Please include the following file with any support request:\
\cf5 \cb0 npm\cf0 \cb1  \cf6 \cb0 ERR!\cf0 \cb1      /Users/ddn/npm-debug.log\
localhost:~ ddn$ sudo npm install -g react-native-cli\
Password:\
/usr/local/bin/react-native -> /usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli/index.js\
react-native-cli@1.0.0 /usr/local/lib/node_modules/react-native-cli\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  semver@5.3.0\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  minimist@1.2.0\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  chalk@1.1.3 (escape-string-regexp@1.0.5, ansi-styles@2.2.1, supports-color@2.0.0, has-ansi@2.0.0, strip-ansi@3.0.1)\
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  prompt@0.2.14 (revalidator@0.1.8, pkginfo@0.4.0, read@1.0.7, winston@0.8.3, utile@0.2.1)\
localhost:~ ddn$ cd /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0  \
localhost:react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0  ddn$ react-native init Helloword\
This will walk you through creating a new React Native project in /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0 /Helloword\
Installing react-native package from npm...\
Setting up new React Native app in /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0 /Helloword\
react@15.2.1 node_modules/react\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  object-assign@4.1.0\
\uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  loose-envify@1.2.0 (js-tokens@1.0.3)\
\uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  fbjs@0.8.3 (immutable@3.8.1, ua-parser-js@0.7.10, isomorphic-fetch@2.2.1, promise@7.1.1, core-js@1.2.7)\

\f1\b \cf8 To run your app on iOS:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\cf8    cd /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0 /Helloword\cf0 \
\cf8    react-native run-ios\cf0 \
\cf8    - or -\cf0 \
\cf8    Open /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0 /Helloword/ios/Helloword.xcodeproj in Xcode\cf0 \
\cf8    Hit the Run button\cf0 \

\f1\b \cf8 To run your app on Android:
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\cf8    Have an Android emulator running (quickest way to get started), or a device connected\cf0 \
\cf8    cd /Users/ddn/Desktop/react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0 /Helloword\cf0 \
\cf8    react-native run-android\cf0 \
localhost:react-native
\f3 \'d1\'a7\'cf\'b0
\f0  ddn$ \
}